Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in this short lecture we're going to look at how to prevent a function from modifying a list.
So I have here on the left hand side of our screen our last lecture and all the code that was involved
in dush And as you know in this lecture we modified the not checked in list to become detect check list.
And as I said in this lecture as soon as we move a passenger from not checked in to check in the checked
and list becomes empty.
So every time we remove a person from this list that's it they're gone there's no getting them back.
So you may not always want to do this.
You may decide you want to keep a copy of the not checked in people now for whatever reason that might
be you're dealing with you might always have to keep a copy of the original list.
Well we can address this issue by passing the function a copy of the list of the changes made but the
function will only affect the copy you can send a copy of a list to a function like this.
Let's use the function from The Last Lecture passengers list name square brackets and a colon inside.
And that's what's called the slice or a slice slice notation the slice notation makes a copy of the
list to send to the function.
If we didn't want to empty the list of not checked then passengers in our passengers function we could
call the passengers function like this.
So passengers are the same as above and in our last lecture not checked in
not checked in.
And then we want to make a copy.
We want to pass the function a copy of a list of the list not the original list.
Checked in and that's how we would do it there.
So the only drawback to using a copy of a letter is that it creates more memory usage in your system
and in your program.
So if possible always use the original of your list.
I hope that made sense.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.